# CheckoutCodingChallenge

- Deliverables
1. Payment Gateway REST API
2. MockBank REST API - includes test client data and scenarios inc.
	a. Limitless account - positive test case
	b. Overdrawn account - negative test case
3. Swagger API documentation for rest APIs
4. Payment Gateway WPF client - includes client data and scenarios inc
	a. Limitless account - positive test case
	b. Overdrawn account - negative test case
	c. Unregistered account - negative test case
5. Payment Gateway unit tests
6. Logging inside APIs
7. Model validation of data exchange between APIs
8. Use of SSL for secure communication between client to API and API to API

- Special consideration
1. APIs deal with sensitive account information and must be protected from unauthorised use. Card Number for this purpose has been cached when stored in memory in case process dump is accessed.

- Future upgrades
1. Enable server side routing of card numbers to 1-N banks - currently only 1 bank is supported. Mapping for the same to be stored in DB
2. Id generation - GUIDs used because they are unique and do not require an independent sequence ID generator. Downside is they can be large in size and slow to generate. Alternatively, these can be generated by DB or pre-allocated
in order to improve performance
3. Versioning of API and supporting of older clients
4. Serialization - current solution uses JSON serialization. An alternative could be protobuf serialization, a lightweight binary standard that has compatibility features supported allowing for backward support between verions of API
5. Security in Authorization/Authentication - can be accomplished via API key or claim based JWT tokens
6. Data store - current solution uses in-memory cache, can be improved by addition of distributed cache and backend DB storage
7. AI integration
	- Fraud detection - clients making too many erroneous payments requests - could reject these requests and free up bandwith to handle more legitamate requests and reduce chance of DOS (Denial of Service)
	- With accumulation of payment request data, look into trends to better dynamically utilise resourse, inc. peak demand and resource allocation and improve on SLAs (i.e from time payment request is received to being processed)
8. Performance and scalability - with data from #7, performance testing, look to address any performance issues through scaling of platform inc vertical/horizontal/storage/network
9. Monitoring and alerting  - create dashboards that capture information from variaous source inc. logs to act as a one stop shop for system health and alert
